I heard that someone picked up my royal treasure
Yes, Your Majesty
Everyone is guaranteed
I heard that it is the lamb, the son of Lord Gao Feng
What son of high pressure lamb
He is the son of Soul Suffering
Scrap him
This is complete nonsense.
We and our daughter-in-law made the court our home
When this happens
Your Majesty, you know everything
This lamb is my ex
The famous mud can't hold up the wall
Think about Chapter 3
I have heard of the two songs Never Flower and Stone
Poems ridiculed by the people of big money
These are the hands of the Lamb.
As big as reed flowers and stones
I did hear
This person really made the royal list
Yes, Your Majesty
As far as I know
This lamb is evil
For non-slaughter
Relying on his identity
But there is nothing he dares not do
This time the royal list
I'm afraid I just think the rise is interesting
The bold royal list is no child's play
Your Majesty, Gao Shilang and his son are seeking scriptures outside
announce
Xuankao Shiro Sword
See your majesty
Grass people lamb
Meet your majesty
You took over my royal list
Your Majesty forgives his sins
Nie Zi Wu Dao
This time, I brought Nie Zi here
It's to keep Nie Zi from doing it
The grass-roots people are the talents that His Majesty wants to govern the country
leaf
Your me is trying to force my Gao Jiang to a dead end
So brave
Get up first
I can say ugly things ahead
The King List is a big deal
If you can't answer my question
I want to compare my sins to yours
If the grass-roots cannot share His Majesty's worries
This punishment is also a gift
It's weird that I'm holding a lamb and talking extraordinary
But not like the stubborn enemy of his people
Could it be that there is something wrong with this?
Let me try it out first
Since you said you are the pillar talent I am looking for
Then let me ask you a question
You have now killed the entire family of your enemies
Looking at the corpses all over the ground
When the heart is happy
Found another child in the house
What should you do?